The Business Services group has plenty of great stocks, but investors should always be looking for companies that are outperforming their peers. Mitie Group PLC. (MITFY) is a stock that can certainly grab the attention of many investors, but do its recent returns compare favorably to the sector as a whole? By taking a look at the stock's year-to-date performance in comparison to its Business Services peers, we might be able to answer that question.Mitie Group PLC. is a member of the Business Services sector. This group includes 316 individual stocks and currently holds a Zacks Sector Rank of #7. The Zacks Sector Rank gauges the strength of our 16 individual sector groups by measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the groups.The Zacks Rank is a proven system that emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions, highlighting a variety of stocks that are displaying the right characteristics to beat the market over the next one to three months. Mitie Group PLC. is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).Over the past three months, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for MITFY's full-year earnings has moved 3.5% higher. This shows that analyst sentiment has improved and the company's earnings outlook is stronger.According to our latest data, MITFY has moved about 12.9% on a year-to-date basis. Meanwhile, the Business Services sector has returned an average of 3.7% on a year-to-date basis. This means that Mitie Group PLC. is performing better than its sector in terms of year-to-date returns.Nu Holdings Ltd. (NU) is another Business Services stock that has outperformed the sector so far this year. Since the beginning of the year, the stock has returned 33.6%.Over the past three months, Nu Holdings Ltd.'s consensus EPS estimate for the current year has increased 5.1%. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Looking more specifically, Mitie Group PLC. belongs to the Business - Services industry, which includes 24 individual stocks and currently sits at #76 in the Zacks Industry Rank. Stocks in this group have lost about 13.8% so far this year, so MITFY is performing better this group in terms of year-to-date returns.Nu Holdings Ltd. however, belongs to the Technology Services industry. Currently, this 171-stock industry is ranked #102. The industry has moved +7.3% so far this year.Investors interested in the Business Services sector may want to keep a close eye on Mitie Group PLC. and Nu Holdings Ltd. as they attempt to continue their solid performance.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free reportMitie Group PLC. (MITFY) : Free Stock Analysis ReportNu Holdings Ltd. (NU) : Free Stock Analysis ReportTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.Zacks Investment Research