Former Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) executive Rohan Patel said on Wednesday that California Governor Gavin Newsom and his team have “bent over backwards” to help the EV giant despite CEO Elon Musk‘s criticisms.Don't Miss:Amid the ongoing EV revolution, previously overlooked low-income communities now harbor a huge investment opportunity at just $500.This startup is on the brink of a huge disruption to the $654 billion industry – Here’s how to invest in it before it fulfills its 800 pre-orders in the next 2 weeks.Here’s the AI-powered startup that turns traders into influencers achieving 12% monthly growth – invest in it at only 10 cents per share.What Happened: “Newsom and his team bent over backwards to help Tesla. We didn't always agree with every action, but his top leadership always was willing to help whenever we asked,” Patel wrote, while also noting that the Governor owns a Tesla Roadster and a Model S. Patel was Tesla’s vice president of global public policy and business development until April earlier this year.See Also: Don’t miss out on the next Nvidia – you can invest in the future of AI for only $10.Patel further added that not all who find Musk’s political stances disturbing are against the company, its employees, or its products.“Even after the harshest tweets against Newsom or Biden or another Dem, their teams and governments did not shut me or my team out and were professional in working with us for the greater good,” he wrote.Newsom (Roadster and Model S owner with Tesla solar/powerwalls) and his team bent over backwards to help Tesla. We didn't always agree with every action, but his top leadership always was willing to help whenever we asked. I'm a huge fan of @WholeMarsBlog and his... https://t.co/8Zxojg80G4— Rohan Patel (@rohanspatel) August 8, 2024Trending: Don’t miss the real AI boom – here’s how to use just $10 to invest in high growth private tech companies.Patel was refuting Tesla enthusiast Omar Qazi, who goes by the username “Whole Mars Catalog.” Qazi alleged that democrats hate Tesla after Newsom applauded EV startup Rivian for their rise in new registrations in the state of California during the second quarter and noted that Tesla is no longer the exclusive EV manufacturer for EVs in the state.Why It Matters: “I want to applaud and thank the extraordinary work that Rivian has done,” Newsom said on Tuesday. “Tesla is not the exclusive manufacturer any longer in this space. You're seeing a dramatic shift in competition across the sector. This is exactly what was predicted. This is exactly what we have been promoting: competition in the space.”According to data from the California New Car Dealers Association released last month, California's BEV market share through the end of the second quarter stood 21.4%, much higher than the U.S. BEV market share of 7.5%.Trending: Want to invest in homes? $100 is enough on this platform that lets you cash out whenever you want.  As per the association, Tesla's new registrations fell 17% in the first half of 2024 while that of Rivian Automotive rose by nearly 77% in California. Tesla's mass-market Model Y SUV, however, continues to be the best-selling EV in the state, followed by the Model 3.Last month, Patel also said that the Biden administration treated EV giant fairly in certain issues despite "surface-level disappointment" between the President and Musk."No doubt Biden is very biased towards unions and appoints pro-Union people to the nlrb making it easier to organize. But it didn’t often create substantive problems, and instead was more of a PR and surface-level disappointment," Patel wrote on X while adding that it is just his personal view.Read More:If there was a new fund backed by Jeff Bezos offering a 7-9% target yield with monthly dividends would you invest in it?This billion-dollar fund has invested in the next big real estate boom, here's how you can join for $10."ACTIVE INVESTORS' SECRET WEAPON" Supercharge Your Stock Market Game with the #1 "news & everything else" trading tool: Benzinga Pro - Click here to start Your 14-Day Trial Now!Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?This article California Governor Gavin Newsom 'Bent Over Backwards' To Help Tesla, Says Former Executive: 'If One Finds Elon's Political Stances Disturbing, That Does Not Mean That Someone Hates Tesla…' originally appeared on Benzinga.com© 2024 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.