Investing.com -- The Dow jumped to fresh record highs Tuesday, underpinned by better-than-expected retail sales data and a slew of mostly upbeat quarterly earnings from corporates.At 13:11 ET (17:11 GMT), Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 636 points, or 1.6%, hitting an another all-time high of 40,849.75. The S&P 500 jumped 0.4%, and NASDAQ Composite gained 0.4%. U.S. retail sales were unchanged in June on a monthly basis, according to data released earlier Tuesday, following on from an upwardly revised 0.3% gain in May.This release was stronger than the expected fall of 0.3% expected, after a previously reported 0.1% gain in May, pointing to still strong consumer spending that could likely limited how many rate cuts the Fed delivers. "Even if the Fed did opt to open the door to rate cuts as early as Q3, the Fed will likely be limited in action, disappointing investors’ hopes of returning to neutral or below sometime soon," Stifel said in a Tuesday note.Traders were now looking at a 89% chance the central bank will cut rates by 25 basis points in September, with a small chance of a 50-basis-point cut, according to CME Fedwatch.Wall Street banks continued to dominate earnings, with Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) surging 5% after the lender reported second-quarter revenue and profit topping expectations on rising investment banking and asset management fees. Morgan Stanley  (NYSE:MS) cut early losses, rising 2% following better-than-expected results, but Charles Schwab (NYSE:SCHW)'s as brokerages firm said it pause buybacks to pay down debt and reported net interest margin that fell short of estimates.  Unitedhealth Group (NYSE:UNH), a major dow component, jumped 5% after the health insurance giant reported Q2 results that beat on both the top and bottom line, despite headwinds in its Medicaid business.Match Group (NASDAQ:MTCH) stock rose over 8% following a report activist investor Starboard has a stake of more than 6.5% in the Tinder owner and was pushing for a possible sale if a turnaround wasn't successful.Reddit Inc (NYSE:RDDT) slumped more than 7% after Loop Capital downgrade its rating on the social media company to hold from buy, citing valuations concerns. Trump Media & Technology Group (NASDAQ:DJT) stock fell 9%, pulling back after closing up 31% a day earlier amid a broader rally in the so-called Trump trade across markets.Wall Street has largely shrugged off any political uncertainty stemming from an assassination attempt on Trump at a Pennsylvania rally over the weekend.. Trump on Monday was officially nominated as the Republican frontrunner for the 2024 presidential race, and named Ohio Senator J.D. Vance as his vice presidential running mate.Trump’s chances of a victory were seen increasing sharply after the shooting over the weekend, with a Trump presidency presenting the prospect of a looser regulatory environment in the country. (Peter Nurse, Ambar Warrick contributed to this article.)Don't miss out on the next big opportunity! Stay ahead of the curve with ProPicks – 6 model portfolios fueled by AI stock picks with a stellar performance this year... 
In 2024 alone, ProPicks' AI identified 2 stocks that surged over 150%, 4 additional stocks that leaped over 30%, and 3 more that climbed over 25%. That's an impressive track record. 
With portfolios tailored for Dow stocks, S&P stocks, Tech Stocks, and Mid Cap stocks, you can explore various wealth-building strategies. 
So if BAC is on your watchlist, it could be very wise to know whether or not it made the ProPicks lists.