Game engine maker Unity (NYSE:U) reported results ahead of analysts' expectations in Q2 CY2024, with revenue down 15.8% year on year to $449.3 million. It made a GAAP loss of $0.32 per share, improving from its loss of $0.51 per share in the same quarter last year.Is now the time to buy Unity? Find out in our full research report.Revenue: $449.3 million vs analyst estimates of $441.7 million (1.7% beat)EPS: -$0.32 vs analyst estimates of -$0.46 (29.9% beat)Gross Margin (GAAP): 75.8%, up from 70.8% in the same quarter last yearFree Cash Flow of $79.61 million is up from -$14.56 million in the previous quarterNet Revenue Retention Rate: 96%, down from 101% in the previous quarterMarket Capitalization: $5.44 billionStarted as a game studio by three friends in a Copenhagen apartment, Unity (NYSE:U) is a software as a service platform that makes it easier to develop and monetize new games and other visual digital experiences.The demand for rich, interactive 2D, 3D, VR and AR experiences is growing, and while the ubiquitous metaverse might still be more of a buzzword than a real thing, what is real is the demand for the tools to create these experiences, whether they are games, 3D tours or interactive movies.As you can see below, Unity's 30.4% annualized revenue growth over the last three years has been impressive, and its sales came in at $449.3 million this quarter.This quarter, Unity's revenue was down 15.8% year on year, which might disappointment some shareholders.Looking ahead, Wall Street was expecting revenue to decline 8% over the next 12 months before the earnings results announcement.Unless you’ve been living under a rock, it should be obvious by now that generative AI is going to have a huge impact on how large corporations do business. While Nvidia and AMD are trading close to all-time highs, we prefer a lesser-known (but still profitable) semiconductor stock benefitting from the rise of AI. Click here to access our free report on our favorite semiconductor growth story.One of the best parts about the software-as-a-service business model (and a reason why SaaS companies trade at such high valuation multiples) is that customers typically spend more on a company's products and services over time.Unity's net revenue retention rate, a key performance metric measuring how much money existing customers from a year ago are spending today, was 96% in Q2. This means Unity's revenue would've decreased by 4% over the last 12 months if it didn't win any new customers.Unity's already weak net retention rate has been dropping the last year, signaling that some customers aren't satisfied with its products, leading to lost contracts and revenue streams.We were impressed by Unity's strong gross margin improvement this quarter. We were also happy its revenue narrowly outperformed Wall Street's estimates. On the other hand, its net revenue retention fell. Overall, this quarter could have been better. The stock remained flat at $14.25 immediately after reporting.So should you invest in Unity right now? When making that decision, it's important to consider its valuation, business qualities, as well as what has happened in the latest quarter. We cover that in our actionable full research report which you can read here, it's free.