This is the 1Q24 quarterly update for our flagship fund, Spear Alpha ETF (NASDAQ:SPRX). In these quarterly letters we share our performance highlights and trends that are shaping our investment approach. Spear Alpha ETF (NASDAQ:SPRX) was up 4.22% in 1Q24 compared to the S&P 500, up 10.56%, and the Nasdaq Composite, up 9.31%. Over the past year, SPRX was up 56.2% vs. the S&P500 29.9% and the Nasdaq Composite up 35.08%.As interest rates rose in 1Q24, investors shifted to playing defense, increasing their exposure to mega caps and defensive sectors like utilities. We responded to this by focusing on risk management, limiting our underperformers, and positioning ourselves to capture the next wave of opportunities. These periods of consolidation create the best entry points (both for investing in our fund and for us to find opportunities).After a strong finish to 2023 with excitement over interest rate cuts, 2024 started on a defensive note, with interest rates trickling up and expectations for rate cuts lowered from seven rate cuts to potentially none. As a result, the market outperformance has been driven by mega-cap technology and sectors like utilities, which indicate that investors are playing defense.The average member within the Nasdaq has had a >35% drawdown from peak this year while, the Nasdaq Index has had no more than a 7% drawdown, demonstrating how bifurcated this year's performance has been between mega-caps and the rest of the space.During these periods of consolidation (risk-off), like in 1Q24, we shift our focus to risk management. But unlike most funds, where risk management means reducing risk, for us, it means managing risk and selectively increasing it, especially after periods like May, when we saw panic selling, particularly in software. These drawdowns allow us to add to our high-conviction ideas at attractive prices.There is no question that we are in the early innings of the next technology cycle amplified by AI. What has been unusual about this recovery is that instead of the Federal Reserve stimulating the economy, it is providing a headwind. In the short run investor sentiment is very much tied to interest rates, which we expect to remain range-bound. As rates increase towards 5%, investors turn to risk-off, and the economy weakens (jobs, consumer sentiment, inflation down); conversely, as rate cuts take the front seat and the 10Y Treasury declines, investors turn to risk-on.These periods of consolidation create the best entry points (both for investing in our fund and for us to find opportunities). We have two main tools for risk management: Fundamental active strategies, in general, perform better in a risk-on environment as investors are looking to allocate to ideas that capture alpha and broaden their exposure beyond just tracking broader market. The most significant change to our portfolio in '24 vs. '23 was that we expanded our Data Center hardware investments beyond processors (GPUs) and created a new focus area, "Materials & Power Generation," which we expect will benefit from a broader data center build-out.The types of companies included in this area are 1) materials such as copper, 2) components such as electrical equipment, connectors, and thermal management, and 3) power generation, including independent power generators. As many of these companies are cyclical, the turnover of this basket is higher than some of our other focus areas, where we often maintain our holdings through the cycle (in varying sizes). Our underperformers were Cybersecurity and Data Infrastructure companies, which was the reverse of 4Q23. While it may not be obvious from looking at the broad indices, the software sector got destroyed in 1Q24 and continued to face significant pressure, specifically in May. What started as a pull-back turned into carnage, with many companies down 40%+ since the end of 23.  We are maintaining our balanced positioning between software and hardware, but we have started adding to software on a selective basis, expecting to benefit if interest rates stabilize. We continue to manage risk actively and asses the potential risk/reward of each individual holding, incorporating the trajectory of earnings and valuation. We aspire to perform in line with diversified indices on the downside, and generate differentiated performance on the upside, given our concentrated portfolio of investments. DISCLOSURES:The performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost and current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance current to the most recent month-end please call 1-833-340-7222. The total expense ratio is 0.75%.