    SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--SoFi Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: SOFI), the digital personal finance company, today announced plans to host a conference call to discuss financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2024 on Tuesday, July 30, 2024, at 8 a.m. Eastern Time. SoFi also plans to release its second quarter 2024 results on the investor relations section of its website at https://investors.sofi.com at approximately 7 a.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, July 30, 2024.Full session details for the conference appearance are as follows:CONFERENCE CALL DETAILS “ TO DIAL IN BY PHONETo pre-register for this call, please go to the following link (you will then receive your personal dial-in access details via email):https://www.netroadshow.com/events/login?show=305029d3&confId=67786WEBCAST DETAILS “ AUDIO-ONLYUse this link to access the audience view of the webcast:https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/704481774A replay of the webcast will be made available after the call on the Investor Relations page of SoFi's website at https://investors.sofi.com/overview/default.aspx.About SoFiSoFi (NASDAQ: SOFI) is a member-centric, one-stop shop for digital financial services on a mission to help people achieve financial independence to realize their ambitions. The company's full suite of financial products and services helps its more than 8.1 million SoFi members borrow, save, spend, invest, and protect their money better by giving them fast access to the tools they need to get their money right, all in one app. SoFi also equips members with the resources they need to get ahead “ like credentialed financial planners, exclusive experiences and events, and a thriving community “ on their path to financial independence.SoFi innovates across three business segments: Lending, Financial Services “ which includes SoFi Checking and Savings, SoFi Invest, SoFi Credit Card, SoFi Protect, and SoFi Insights “ and Technology Platform, which offers the only end-to-end vertically integrated financial technology stack. SoFi Bank, N.A., an affiliate of SoFi, is a nationally chartered bank, regulated by the OCC and FDIC and SoFi is a bank holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve. The company is also the naming rights partner of SoFi Stadium, home of the Los Angeles Chargers and the Los Angeles Rams. For more information, visit SoFi.com or download our iOS and Android apps.DisclosuresAvailability of Other Information About SoFiInvestors and others should note that we communicate with our investors and the public using our website (www.sofi.com), the investor relations website (https://investors.sofi.com), and on social media (X and LinkedIn), including but not limited to investor presentations and investor fact sheets, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. The information that SoFi posts on these channels and websites could be deemed to be material information. As a result, SoFi encourages investors, the media, and others interested in SoFi to review the information that is posted on these channels, including the investor relations website, on a regular basis. This list of channels may be updated from time to time on SoFi's investor relations website and may include additional media channels. The contents of SoFi's website or these channels, or any other website that may be accessed from its website or these channels, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.SOFI-FView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240701626491/en/Investor RelationsIR@sofi.comMediaPR@sofi.comSource: SoFi Technologies (NASDAQ:SOFI)With valuations skyrocketing in 2024, many investors are uneasy putting more money into stocks. Sure, there are always opportunities in the stock market – but finding them feels more difficult now than a year ago.
Unsure where to invest next? One of the best ways to discover new high-potential opportunities is to look at the top performing portfolios this year. 
Investing.com’s ProPicks are 6 model portfolios that identify the best stocks for investors to buy right now. For example, ProPicks found 9 overlooked stocks that jumped over 25% this year alone. 
The new stocks that made the monthly cut could yield enormous returns in the coming years.
Is SOFI one of them?