Offering in-demand wire services enable fintechs to acquire and retain more customers    SALT LAKE CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Galileo Financial Technologies, a leading financial technology company owned by SoFi Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: NASDAQ:SOFI), today announced it is arming fintechs with wire transfer capabilities, enabling them to better serve consumers and businesses by offering another option for fast, secure money movement. Through its wire transfer API, Galileo connects fintechs partnering with Community Federal Savings Bank (CFSB) with Fedwire via sponsor bank CFSB.According to Fedwire Funds Service, in 2023 it processed more than 193 million wire transfers. By enabling Fedwire transfers, Galileo is helping fintechs capitalize on this growth, with a scalable solution that caters to the increasing demand for rapid financial transactions.Galileo streamlines the process of both incoming and outgoing wire transfers, enabling faster, reliable movement of funds. This service is in high demand for businesses and consumers that need immediate and secure transactions, for example, large transactions such as a home sale, tuition payments or vendor payments.Galileo continues to power most of the leading fintechs in the US and provide a one-stop-shop for a wide variety of payment methods, said David Feuer, CPO at Galileo. Adding wire transfer capabilities supports the demand for fast and secure money movement and integrates seamlessly with fintech's existing financial infrastructures through API access."Enabling wire capabilities benefit end users in several ways:The demand for Fedwire transfers spans a broad range of use cases, from individual consumers managing personal financial needs to businesses handling large-scale, B2B financial operations.Learn more about how Galileo enables wires for fintechs at docs.galileo-ft.com/pro/docs/about-wires.About Galileo Financial TechnologiesGalileo Financial Technologies, LLC and certain of its affiliates collectively comprise a financial technology company owned and operated independently by SoFi Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: SOFI) that enables fintechs, financial institutions, and emerging and established brands to build differentiated financial solutions that deliver exceptional, customer-centric experiences. Through modern, open APIs, Galileo's flexible, secure, scalable and fully integrated platform drives innovation across payments and financial services. Trusted by digital banking heavyweights, early-stage innovators and enterprise clients alike, Galileo supports issuing physical and virtual payment cards, mobile push provisioning, tailored and differentiated financial products and more, across industries and geographies. ©2024 Galileo Financial Technologies, LLC. All rights reserved.Galileo Financial Technologies, LLC is a technology company, not a bank. Galileo partners with many issuing banks to provide banking services in North and Latin America.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240709855643/en/Solomon JosephThe Fletcher Group905.510.1400solomon@fletchergroupllc.comSource: Galileo Financial Technologies, LLCFeeling overwhelmed by investment information? You’re not alone. The 2024 stock market often feels like a rollercoaster, with conflicting analysis and opinions everywhere you go. We cut through the noise and deliver actionable insights. Get the bottom line instantly with each stock’s fair value. Spot winners and drop losers – protect your gains.