Lucid Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:LCID) shareholders are probably feeling a little disappointed, since its shares fell 3.7% to US$3.15 in the week after its latest second-quarter results. The results don't look great, especially considering that statutory losses grew 15% toUS$0.34 per share. Revenues of US$200,581,000 did beat expectations by 4.1%, but it looks like a bit of a cold comfort. The analysts typically update their forecasts at each earnings report, and we can judge from their estimates whether their view of the company has changed or if there are any new concerns to be aware of. With this in mind, we've gathered the latest statutory forecasts to see what the analysts are expecting for next year. See our latest analysis for Lucid Group Taking into account the latest results, the current consensus from Lucid Group's 13 analysts is for revenues of US$760.5m in 2024. This would reflect a meaningful 14% increase on its revenue over the past 12 months. Losses are expected to increase slightly, to US$1.23 per share. Yet prior to the latest earnings, the analysts had been forecasting revenues of US$749.0m and losses of US$1.13 per share in 2024. Overall it looks as though the analysts were a bit mixed on the latest consensus updates. Although revenue forecasts held steady, the consensus also made a modest increase to its losses per share forecasts.The consensus price target held steady at US$3.17, seemingly implying that the higher forecast losses are not expected to have a long term impact on the company's valuation. Fixating on a single price target can be unwise though, since the consensus target is effectively the average of analyst price targets. As a result, some investors like to look at the range of estimates to see if there are any diverging opinions on the company's valuation. Currently, the most bullish analyst values Lucid Group at US$4.00 per share, while the most bearish prices it at US$1.75. This is a fairly broad spread of estimates, suggesting that analysts are forecasting a wide range of possible outcomes for the business.Looking at the bigger picture now, one of the ways we can make sense of these forecasts is to see how they measure up against both past performance and industry growth estimates. It's pretty clear that there is an expectation that Lucid Group's revenue growth will slow down substantially, with revenues to the end of 2024 expected to display 30% growth on an annualised basis. This is compared to a historical growth rate of 68% over the past three years. Juxtapose this against the other companies in the industry with analyst coverage, which are forecast to grow their revenues (in aggregate) 13% per year. So it's pretty clear that, while Lucid Group's revenue growth is expected to slow, it's still expected to grow faster than the industry itself.The most important thing to note is the forecast of increased losses next year, suggesting all may not be well at Lucid Group. Happily, there were no major changes to revenue forecasts, with the business still expected to grow faster than the wider industry. The consensus price target held steady at US$3.17, with the latest estimates not enough to have an impact on their price targets.With that said, the long-term trajectory of the company's earnings is a lot more important than next year. At Simply Wall St, we have a full range of analyst estimates for Lucid Group going out to 2026, and you can see them free on our platform here..You still need to take note of risks, for example - Lucid Group has   2 warning signs   we think you should be aware of.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively, email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, and does not take account of your objectives, or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.