(Updated - July 9, 2024 11:31 AM EDT)Investing.com -- U.S. stock futures edged higher Tuesday following the start of two-day testimony from Fed chief Jerome Powell to Congress. Powell said the economy has made considerable progress toward the Federal Reserve's 2 percent inflation goal, and labor market conditions have cooled while remaining strong.Here are some of the biggest U.S. stock movers today:Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) stock fell 0.1% after gaining over 6% in the previous session, while Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) rose 3% and Marvell (NASDAQ:MRVL) was down 1.2%, as stocks linked with AI were mixed.  Pfizer  (NYSE:PFE)  (PFE) stock fell 2% after it announced its chief scientific officer Mikael Dolsten would step down after a more than 15-year career at the drugmaker.Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) stock rose 0.8% and Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO) stock fell 1.8% after the publication of a data analysis showing Eli Lilly's treatment Mounjaro leads to faster and greater weight loss than Novo’s popular obesity drug Wegovy.Lucid Group (NASDAQ:LCID) stock fell 3% after the EV manufacturer will have to recall over 5,000 of its 2022-2023 Air luxury sedans due to a software error that could cause a loss of power.BP (NYSE:BP) ADRs fell 4.1% after the energy giant warned that its second-quarter results will be hit by lower refining margins and it also expects to post an impairment of up to $2 billion.Helen of Troy (HELE) stock slumped 30% after the consumer products company reported disappointing first-quarter results and slashed its full-year outlook, amid particular weakness in its beauty and wellness business.UiPath Inc. (NYSE:PATH) fell 7% after it announced plans to cut around 10% of its global workforce.ServiceNow (NYSE:NOW) declined 3.5%, extending yesterday's fall, after analysts downgraded the stock to "sell" due to concerns about risks to its business in the second half of the year. Additional reporting by Louis JuricicWith valuations skyrocketing in 2024, many investors are uneasy putting more money into stocks. Sure, there are always opportunities in the stock market – but finding them feels more difficult now than a year ago.
Unsure where to invest next? One of the best ways to discover new high-potential opportunities is to look at the top performing portfolios this year. 
Investing.com’s ProPicks are 6 model portfolios that identify the best stocks for investors to buy right now. For example, ProPicks found 9 overlooked stocks that jumped over 25% this year alone. 
The new stocks that made the monthly cut could yield enormous returns in the coming years.
Is INTC one of them?