Investing.com -  Olaplex Holdings  Inc (NASDAQ:OLPX) lifted 12.2% during Thursday's trade after announcing the addition of two seasoned executives to its leadership team. Catherine Dunleavy is set to join as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, while Katie Gohman will join the company as Chief Marketing Officer.Dunleavy, who will assume her new role on August 13, brings over two decades of experience in leading the strategy and performance of notable consumer brands. Her previous roles include President and Chief Financial Officer at Away, alongside tenures at  Nike  Inc (NYSE:NKE), Comcast Corp (NASDAQ:CMCSA), NBCUniversal, and  General Electric  Company (NYSE:GE). In her new capacity at Olaplex, Dunleavy will oversee the company's business operations, aligning all functions to effectively execute the company's strategy and drive results.Gohman, set to join Olaplex on July 15, is a skilled marketing and brand leader with significant experience in growing prestige retail and beauty brands. Her career began at L’Oreal (EPA:OREP) and she has since held marketing leadership positions at Ralph Lauren Corp (NYSE:RL), Coach, and Marc Jacobs. As Olaplex's Chief Marketing Officer, Gohman will lead the company's global marketing efforts, aiming to increase brand awareness, relevance, and affinity among both stylists and consumers.Amanda Baldwin, Chief Executive Officer of Olaplex, noted, “Catherine is a proven leader with a strong track record of executing high-impact strategic, operational, and financial initiatives at scale at some of the world’s most recognizable brands. Katie’s marketing and creative acumen will be instrumental in our efforts to maximize the power of the OLAPLEX brand and empower and enable the success of our stylist community. I am honored to have the chance to work with each of them as we deliver on the priorities that are aimed at putting us on a trajectory to generate consistent sales and profit growth.”Dunleavy voiced her excitement at joining Olaplex at such a crucial stage in its evolution, while Gohman expressed her eagerness to work with the Olaplex team to ensure customers and stylists can best benefit from the technical foundation of their products.Feeling overwhelmed by investment information? You’re not alone. The 2024 stock market often feels like a rollercoaster, with conflicting analysis and opinions everywhere you go. 
Finding OLPX’s fair value is easier when there’s a proven, profitable way to do it.  
The use of AI and machine learning for predicting potential profitable stocks sets it apart from traditional financial tools that rely on historical data. This system predicts a stock's performance compared to a main index like S&P 500, assesses the confidence level of these predictions, and estimates potential downside risk.  
The best part about this analysis and stock picks is that we cut through the noise and deliver the bottom line for you: each stock’s fair value. 
So what’s the bottom line on OLPX?