    Novavax    (NASDAQ:NVAX), Inc. (Nasdaq: NVAX), a global company advancing protein-based vaccines with its Matrix-M™ adjuvant, today announced that it has submitted an amendment to its Emergency Use Authorization to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for its updated JN.1 COVID-19 vaccine (NVX-CoV2705) for individuals aged 12 and older. The submission is in line with guidance from the U.S. FDA, European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the World Health Organization (WHO) to target the JN.1 lineage this fall.1-3  Novavax's JN.1 vaccine has demonstrated broad cross-neutralizing antibodies against multiple variant strains, including KP.2 and KP.3, indicating the potential to protect against forward drift variants. As discussed at the recent FDA Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee meeting, there is a public health benefit to target JN.1, the parent strain of the most common currently circulating variants."Novavax is committed to having a protein-based COVID-19 option available at the start of the vaccination season, which is critical because research suggests that providing vaccine choice, along with healthcare provider recommendations, may help improve vaccination rates," said John C. Jacobs, President and Chief Executive Officer, Novavax.Nonclinical data have demonstrated that Novavax's JN.1 vaccine induces broad neutralization responses to JN.1 lineage viruses including those containing the F456L and R346T mutations, and to "FLiRT" and "FLuQE" variants.2,4,5 Novavax's vaccine also produces conserved polyfunctional, Th1-biased CD4+ T cell responses to a range of JN.1 lineage variants.2 Novavax's updated JN.1 COVID-19 vaccine targets the "parent strain" of KP.2 and KP.3.2Novavax intends to have doses in the U.S. for distribution by mid-August. Upon FDA authorization and U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommendation, Novavax is preparing to promptly deliver to U.S. customers. Novavax is also working with other regulatory authorities globally on authorization or approval of its JN.1 COVID-19 vaccine.About the Novavax COVID-19 2024-2025 Formula (NVX-CoV2705)NVX-CoV2705 is an updated version of Novavax's prototype COVID-19 vaccine (NVX-CoV2373) formulated to target the JN.1 variant. It is a protein-based vaccine made by creating copies of the surface spike protein of SARS-CoV-2 that causes COVID-19. With Novavax's unique recombinant nanoparticle technology, the non-infectious spike protein serves as the antigen that primes the immune system to recognize the virus, while Novavax's Matrix-M adjuvant enhances and broadens the immune response. The vaccine is packaged as a ready-to-use liquid formulation and is stored at 2° to 8°C, enabling the use of existing vaccine supply and cold chain channels. Feeling overwhelmed by investment information? You’re not alone. The 2024 stock market often feels like a rollercoaster, with conflicting analysis and opinions everywhere you go. We cut through the noise and deliver actionable insights. Get the bottom line instantly with each stock’s fair value. Spot winners and drop losers – protect your gains.