Investing.com-- Bitcoin price fell sharply to a four-month low on Friday, extending a recent price slump as defunct crypto exchange Mt Gox began making repayments to creditors.Moreover, German police were seen moving about $75 million of crypto confiscated from a piracy website onto exchanges, potentially heralding a mass sale event as seen earlier this year and adding to the negative sentiment.Bitcoin slid 2.9% in the past 24 hours to $56,539.7. The token was also down almost 11% in the past seven days. While it had dropped below $55,000 earlier in the day, the leading cryptocurrency reclaimed some ground following the latest US jobs data.The sharp drop in Bitcoin price comes as investors turned their attention to the payout of nearly $9 billion to users of the defunct bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox.Nobuaki Kobayashi, the trustee overseeing the Mt. Gox bankruptcy estate, announced that repayments in bitcoin and bitcoin cash had begun to some creditors through several designated crypto exchanges. However, he did not specify the exact amount of money transferred to these exchanges.Kobayashi explained that the remaining funds would be distributed to creditors once certain conditions are met, including the validation of registered accounts and the completion of discussions between the trustee and the designated crypto exchanges.He stressed that efforts are ongoing to ensure repayments are made "safely and securely," and urged “eligible rehabilitation creditors to wait for a while.”The announcement follows the movement of a small amount of bitcoin from wallets linked to Mt. Gox, as reported by blockchain analytics firm Arkham Intelligence. The largest movement recorded was a $24 transfer to the Japanese crypto exchange Bitbank, which is among the platforms supporting the repayments.Fears of additional sales by the German police also weighed.Broader cryptocurrency prices tracked steep declines in Bitcoin, with uncertainty over the U.S. presidential election and interest rates also factoring into weak sentiment towards crypto.Speculation that President Joe Biden may drop out as the Democratic candidate for the 2024 elections sparked some uncertainty among crypto markets, especially amid concerns that Biden will be replaced by a candidate who is even more averse towards crypto. Additionally, uncertainty before a key U.S. nonfarm payrolls reading also kept traders averse towards crypto, even as the dollar sank on growing expectations of an interest rate cut in September. Crypto markets largely lagged a rally in stocks, which they usually track. World no.2 token Ether slid 4.8% to $2,992.33, wiping out all of its gains made in late May and hitting a near two-month low.XRP dropped 4%, while SOL recovered its earlier losses and is now down 0.03%. ADA dropped 7.7, while among meme tokens, SHIB and DOGE lost around 4% each. Losses were also driven in part by low trading volumes due to the July 4 U.S. market holiday. But they also reflected steadily declining sentiment towards crypto, as hype over the approval of a spot Bitcoin exchange-traded fund ran dry.Overall, the cryptocurrency market has lost more than $170 billion in market capitalization over the past 24 hours, according to CoinGecko data.Alongside altcoins, crypto-related stocks also tracked Bitcoin’s declines on Friday.MicroStrategy Incorporated (NASDAQ:MSTR), the largest publicly listed corporate holder of Bitcoin, saw its shares plummet more than 9%.Similarly, bitcoin miners Riot Platforms (NASDAQ:RIOT) and Marathon Digital Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:MARA) plunged 7% and 6.3%, respectively.Moreover,  CleanSpark  Inc (NASDAQ:CLSK) shares fell over 4.6%, Cipher Mining Inc (NASDAQ:CIFR) slid 8.6%, and  Coinbase Global  Inc (NASDAQ:COIN) lost 6%.