(Updated - July 15, 2024 11:32 AM EDT)Investing.com -- U.S. stock futures rose Monday, as investors digested the political turmoil over the weekend ahead of a speech by Fed chief Jerome Powell and more corporate results.Here are some of the biggest U.S. stock movers today:Goldman Sachs (GS) stock rose 1.6% after the investment bank reported a more than doubling of profit in the second quarter, bolstered by higher fees from debt underwriting and a strong performance in its fixed-income trading business.Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock rose 2% after Morgan Stanley raised its price target on the iPhone maker's shares to $273 from $216, and designated the stock as a "top pick," citing the company's AI efforts as a boost to device sales.Trump Media & Technology Group (DJT) stock soared 35% following a dramatic weekend marked by what authorities are investigating as an assassination attempt on former U.S. President Donald Trump.AutoNation (NYSE:AN) stock rose 3% despite the auto retailer saying it expects a hit to its second-quarter profit due to the disruptions caused by a cyberattack at retail technology provider CDK in June.SolarEdge (NASDAQ:SEDG) stock fell 12% after the renewable energy firm said it would lay off 400 employees, of which 200 are in Israel, as it works to restore profitability and ensure financial stability.Cleveland-Cliffs (NYSE:CLF) stock rose 0.7% after the U.S. steelmaker announced plans to buy Canadian peer Stelco Holdings in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $2.5 billion.BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) stock rose 0.7% after the assets managed by the world’s largest asset manager hit a record $10.65 trillion in the second quarter thanks to rising client asset values and as investors pumped money into the company's ETFs.Macy’s (M) fell 13% after it announced that, following months of engagement with Arkhouse Management and Brigade Capital Management, its Board of Directors determined to terminate discussions that have failed to lead to an actionable proposal.Coinbase (NASDAQ:COIN) rose 10% as the price of Bitcoin topped $63,000. Gains were fueled in part by bets that former president and cryptocurrency supporter Donald Trump will win reelection in November. Microstrategy (NASDAQ:MSTR) and Marathon Digital Holdings (NASDAQ:MARA) were also higher.Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) climbed 6% on heavy volume, reversing Thursday's slump in the wake of reports it will delay the launch of its robotaxies by two months. Analysts noted an uptick in demand for its cars in recent weeks.Additional reporting by Louis JuricicFeeling overwhelmed by investment information? You’re not alone. The 2024 stock market often feels like a rollercoaster, with conflicting analysis and opinions everywhere you go. We cut through the noise and deliver actionable insights. Get the bottom line instantly with each stock’s fair value. Spot winners and drop losers – protect your gains.