Investing.com — While the market remained nearly flat after today's better-than-expected CPI report, several stocks are taking advantage of the risk-on signal to rally upward regardless.Against this backdrop, investors well-positioned in the right stocks are amassing impressive returns despite the overall market treading water. Such is the case of our premium users, who received Enphase Energy (NASDAQ:ENPH) as one of our AI's stock picks for July for under $8 a month. With ENPH up an impressive 5% at market open, our users who bought on the first trading day of the month are now gaining an impressive 15% in the stock in July alone.This adds to our fantastic list of winners for the month that brought names such as:And many others. In fact, from our AI-powered list of stocks for July, twelve are up by more than 5% already. Now, honestly, when was the last time you picked so many individual winners? I'm guessing never is the answer. Don't worry about it; none of us have done it by ourselves either. However, that's not the case for our premium users, who have been consistently getting these picks on a monthly basis for a meager less than $8 a month.Picking stocks BEFORE they rally is the real secret that drives our AI-picked strategies to leverage its user's gains. No momentum trading, no bag-holding - only state-of-the-art fundamental modeling. In fact, thanks to early picks on gainers such as Vistra Energy (NYSE:VST) (+127% this year), Super Micro Computer (+194% this year), and MicroStrategy Incorporated (NASDAQ:MSTR) (+110% this year), our Tech Titans strategy rallied 34.66% this year alone, nearly doubling the S&P 500's also solid 18.11% this year.Since our official launch in November last year, the outperformance over the benchmark index has been even greater. See below:This is no backtest. This is the real-world performance unfolded right in front of our eyes.What are you waiting for to get all our picks for July? Take advantage of our exclusive summer sale and get the picks that beat the market for less than $8 a month!In fact, our backtest suggest that investors who follow the strategies over the long run will get even better results. See below: Source: ProPicksThis means a $100K principal in our strategy would have turned into an eye-popping $1,868,000 by now.Amazing, right?Take advantage of our exclusive summer sale and get an insight into the winners now for less than $8 a month! *And since you made it all the way to the bottom of this article, we'll give you a special 10% extra discount on all our plans with the coupon code PROPICKS2024!Feeling overwhelmed by investment information? You’re not alone. The 2024 stock market often feels like a rollercoaster, with conflicting analysis and opinions everywhere you go. 
Finding ENPH’s fair value is easier when there’s a proven, profitable way to do it.  
The use of AI and machine learning for predicting potential profitable stocks sets it apart from traditional financial tools that rely on historical data. This system predicts a stock's performance compared to a main index like S&P 500, assesses the confidence level of these predictions, and estimates potential downside risk.  
The best part about this analysis and stock picks is that we cut through the noise and deliver the bottom line for you: each stock’s fair value. 
So what’s the bottom line on ENPH?